README.md, before:

# MakeTCL
File list management infrastructure for VHDL development

This framework simplifies VHDL development by attempting to standardize on a single pure TCL file list management system for both simulation and synthesis. I like to think of it as "the one file list to rule them all".

The file list structure is stored in a TCL dictionary, see [man page](https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl/TclCmd/dict.htm). The key in the key/value pair is simply the file name. The value is a TCL list , see [man page](https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl/TclCmd/list.htm), that contains at least the target library name followed by any number of optional arguments supported by the desired tool chain.

```tcl
set srcList [dict create \
    test2.vhd     "work OPTION1 OPTION2"\
]
```

Example Output of the unit test
```
% source mtcl_unit_test.tcl
MTCL - Entering .config file test.config
MTCL - Found a new .config file test2.config
MTCL - Entering .config file test2.config
MTCL - RECURSION ERROR - already called test.config
MTCL - Exiting  .config file test2.config
MTCL - Exiting  .config file test.config

Config File List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test.config
test2.config

Main Source File List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE                                                        LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test1.vhd                                                   work
test2.vhd                                                   work

Test Bench List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
TEST BENCH                                                  LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test2_tb                                                    work

Vendor Library List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
VENDOR FILE                                                 LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
unisim.vhd                                                  unisim
xpm.vhd                                                     xpm
```

# Sockets
A basic utility socket server client pair is under development. It is expected to be used to bridge between the main TCL shell and vendor TCL shells when the vendor tool doesn't support a batch mode.

Commit message:

Blurbs about the recent OO changes and what the road map looks like for sockets.

README.md, after:

# MakeTCL
File list management infrastructure for VHDL development

This framework simplifies VHDL development by attempting to standardize on a single pure TCL file list management system for both simulation and synthesis. I like to think of it as "the one file list to rule them all".

The file list structure is stored in a TCL dictionary, see [man page](https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl/TclCmd/dict.htm). The key in the key/value pair is simply the file name. The value is a TCL list , see [man page](https://www.tcl.tk/man/tcl/TclCmd/list.htm), that contains at least the target library name followed by any number of optional arguments supported by the desired tool chain.

```tcl
set srcList [dict create \
    test2.vhd     "work OPTION1 OPTION2"\
]
```

Example Output of the unit test
```
% source mtcl_unit_test.tcl
MTCL - Entering .config file test.config
MTCL - Found a new .config file test2.config
MTCL - Entering .config file test2.config
MTCL - RECURSION ERROR - already called test.config
MTCL - Exiting  .config file test2.config
MTCL - Exiting  .config file test.config

Config File List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test.config
test2.config

Main Source File List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
FILE                                                        LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test1.vhd                                                   work
test2.vhd                                                   work

Test Bench List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
TEST BENCH                                                  LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
test2_tb                                                    work

Vendor Library List
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
VENDOR FILE                                                 LIBARAY
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
unisim.vhd                                                  unisim
xpm.vhd                                                     xpm
```

# Object Oriented Design
The layered architecture of this scripting environment lends itself to OO design. At the time of writing, OO versions of most of the files have been created along side the original structured code. I'm expecting to support both styles for a time but will probably deprecate the structured code as soon as I grow tired of attempting to support both. 

# Sockets
A basic utility socket server client pair is under development. It is expected to be used to bridge between the main TCL shell and vendor TCL shells when the vendor tool doesn't support a batch mode. An OO version of the socket server was a recent addition. The client will always remain in its simple structured form.

So far testing shows promise and my in-fact prove to be a nice way to standardize the interfaces to all tools.
